Adding Kraken2 unique kmer counting (#687)
nf-core/eager: docs/output.md

- `metagenomic_complexity_filter` - this contains the output from filtering of input reads to metagenomic classification of low-sequence complexity reads as performed by `bbduk`. This will include the filtered FASTQ files (`*_lowcomplexityremoved.fq.gz`) and also the run-time log (`_bbduk.stats`) for each sample. **Note:** there are no sections in the MultiQC report for this module, therefore you must check the `._bbduk.stats` files to get summary statistics of the filtering.
- `metagenomic_classification/` - this contains the output for a given metagenomic classifier.
  - Running MALT will contain RMA6 files that can be loaded into MEGAN6 or MaltExtract for phylogenetic visualisation of read taxonomic assignments and aDNA characteristics respectively. Additional a `malt.log` file is provided which gives additional information such as run-time, memory usage and per-sample statistics of numbers of alignments with taxonomic assignment etc. This will also include gzip SAM files if requested.

>   - Running kraken will contain the Kraken output and report files, as well as a merged Taxon count table. You will also get a Kraken kmer duplication table, in a [KrakenUniq](https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-018-1568-0) fashion. This is very useful to check for breadth of coverage and detect read stacking. A small number of aligned reads (low coverage) and a kmer duplication >>1 is usually a sign of read stacking, usually synonym of a false positive hit. *Kmer duplication is defined as: number of kmers / number of unique kmers*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Running kraken will contain the Kraken output and report files, as well as a merged Taxon count table. You will also get a Kraken kmer duplication table, in a [KrakenUniq](https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-018-1568-0) fashion. This is very useful to check for breadth of coverage and detect read stacking. A small number of aligned reads (low coverage) and a kmer duplication >1 is usually a sign of read stacking, usually indicative of a false positive hit (e.g. from over-amplified libraries). *Kmer duplication is defined as: number of kmers / number of unique kmers*
```
